In the vast land of the NOUN where the wind sang songs and the birds VERB , a young superhero named NAME stood at the end of a PLACE gazing at the moon. Her cape whips in the wind as she traces the PRICELESS THING knowing that stealing it was the worst decision she's ever made. She turned around and went to LOCATION to make the final transfer then she will have all the THING she needs and her dark past will be in the past and forgotten. She was about to drop the PRICELESS THING but then a loud noise startled her. When she turned around a THING was laying on the ground smashed. She looked at the THING and started to cry. It was the only happy memory left in her past and now it was smashed. She thought to herself who would dare do this. She looked around and saw the man that had never been there when she needed him but only there when she wanted to forget. Her dad, NAME, looked into her eyes and said “ GREETING”. She grabbed the PRICELESS THING and ran until she couldn't run anymore and then knew she had to do something she had to make sure he didn't get this PRICELESS THING. She knew she had to make sure he knew how she felt when he left and how awful it felt. 
	She called her friend NAME letting her know it was time to take what he loved. The plan was to take away his favorite thing in the entire world: his car. A beautiful Porsche GT3 RS that had a costume black matt finish with a tan interior and gold rims.  She was going to smash it into a LARGE THING and then dump a lot of rotten FOOD . That night she went to his house and picked the lock on the front door. When she opened the front door all the emotions and feelings rushed back to her. She almost tripped walking up the stairs remembering everything. She hurried to grab the key on top of the beer fridge next to a picture of him and the car winning a local race. She opened the garage and drove the car away. Forgetting all the memories and leaving those thoughts behind to focus on the goal ahead. She parked the car in front of the LARGE THING and made sure NAME was in position with the rotten FOOD. She got out her camera and put the car into drive before putting a brick on the gas pedal. As it crashed into the LARGE THING she could just see her dad screaming when he opened up his computer in the morning. 


